disable editing specific post processing for non editing graph (#992)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/tasty-terms-approve.md

---
"@finos/legend-graph": patch
"@finos/legend-query": patch
"@finos/legend-studio": patch
"@finos/legend-taxonomy": patch
---

> Add `skipPostProcessingUsedForGraphEditing` flag when building graph to skip post processing steps specific to graph editing such as freeazing dependency/generated elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `TEMPORARY_skipPostProcessingUsedForGraphEditing` flag to allow skipping post-processing in graph builder to boost performance.
```
